Write "looking ahead" sections for all chapters (#511)
worldbank/dime-data-handbook: chapters/5-processing.tex

so other researchers may use them for their analysis as well.

\section{Looking ahead}

> This chapter introduced a process of exploring, understanding, and correcting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This chapter introduced a process of exploring, understanding, and processing
```

Author: That is redundant with "this process ... is called processing" on Line 833. Which is also poorly written... Far too much "processing" going on here. Do we have other terms available for this?

Author: ```suggestion
This chapter introduced a workflow of formatting, cleaning, and correcting
```

Do you not like "correcting" specifically?

Reviewer: workflow is a good replacement for processing here. correction raises red flags for me, we don't mean it this way, but too often it's 'correcting' the data to make it look more like what you expected ... that's why i wanted to replace.

Author: we call it correction throughout the chapter though, should we review that?

Reviewer: in context it's ok . i guess fine here too, just makes me nervous! perhaps something like correcting field errors to help limit the scope?

Author: how about QA as now suggested.

the data that you obtained from the field or from partners.

> This process, called data cleaning and processing,
> creates your first research outputs using original data:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This process creates your first research output using original data:
```

Author: ```suggestion
These tasks create your first research outputs using original data:
```

an analysis-ready dataset.

> This dataset is a clear representation of reality (it is ``tidy''),

Reviewer: this implied definition of tidy doesn't seem right to me

Author: ```suggestion
This dataset is well-structured to describe your units of analysis (it is ``tidy''),
```

it faithfully represents the measurements it was intended to collect,
and it does not expose the identities of the people described by it.
You have also now taken the time to fully understand the patterns and structures
in your data, and annotated and labeled them for your use and use by others.
Once you have completed these steps and
and compiled the documentation to accompany your work,

> you have created the first research output of your project: an original dataset.

Reviewer: this repeats the line above (about creating the first research output). i suggest removing all of this, unless we want to add a separate point about documentation that is necessary to make this a useful output for the research process going forward

Author: ```suggestion
You have also now taken the time to fully understand the patterns and structures
in your data, and annotated and labeled them for your use and use by others.
```

> Combined with the data map, this product 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Combined with the data map, this dataset
```

will be the fundamental starting point for all analysis work.
Archiving, cataloging, and publishing this dataset 

> will organize your files and create a backup of the data.

Reviewer: i don't understand this sentence

Author: ```suggestion
```

Though data cleaning is typically the most time-consuming process in the data work,
the reason why it is done is preparing data to be analyzed

> to answer a set of research questions.

Reviewer: this sentence is also a bit awkward. do we need it? not sure of the point it's trying to make. maybe something like, although the process described in this chapter is typically very time-consuming, investing in a careful research product at this point will simplify all workflows going forward

Author: b7bbbdb330e6b9c6c35df47ec4d84e7a88992833

In the next chapter, we will walk through the steps needed 

> to finally run the analyses originally specified in your research plan

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to actually run the analyses originally specified in your pre-analysis plan
```

Author: ```suggestion
to run the analyses originally specified in your analysis plan
```
